26th January, 1886.
13
Humbly to thank Her Majesty tor informing us that Her Majesty has seen with deep sorrow
the renewal, since Her Majesty last addressed us, of tlie attempt to excite the People of Ireland
to hostility against the Legislative Union, bet ween that Country and Great Britain: that Her
Majesty is resolutely opposed to any disturbance of that fundamental Law, and that in resisting
it Her Majesty Ts convinced that Her Majesty will be heartily supported by Her Parliament and
Her People:
To thank Her Majesty for informing us that the social no less than the material condition of
that Country engages Her anxious attention: that, although there has been during the last year
no marked increase of serious crime, there is in many places a concerted resistance to the
enforcement of legal obligations: and that Her Majesty regrets that the practice of organised
intimidation continues to. exist. Humbly to thank Her Majesty for informing us that Her
Majesty has caused every exertion to he used tor the detection and punishment of these Crimea;
that no effort will be spared on the part of Her Majesty's Government to protect lier Irieh
subjects in the exercise of their legal rights, and the enjoyment of individual liberty, and that if,
as Her Majesty's information leads Her to apprehend, tlie existing provisions of the Law should
¡trove to be inadeejuate to cope with these gt owing evils. Her Majesty looks with confidence to
our willingness to invest Her Majesty's Government with all necessary powers:
Humbly to thank Her Majesty for inforiiiiiig'us that Bills will be submitted for transferring
to Representative Councils in the Counties of Great Britain local business which is now
transacted by thé Courts of (¿uartcr Session and other authorities. That a measure for the
Reform of County Government in Ireland is alsn in preparation. That these Measure's will
invofve the consideration of the present incidence of local burdens:
Humbly to thank Her Majesty that a Bill for facilitating the sale of (riebe Lands, in a manner
adapted to the wants of the rural population, will also be .submitted to us; as also Bills for
removing the difficulties which prevent the easy and cheap transfer of Land; for mitigating the
distressed condition of the poorer classes in the Western Highlands and Islands of Scotland; for
the more effectual prevention of accidents in mines; for extending the powers of the Railway
Commission in respect of the' Regulation of Hates; and for the codification iif the Criminal
Law:
To assure Her Majesty that we join with Her Majesty in trusting that results beneficial to the
cause of education may issue from a Royal Commission which Her Majesty has appointed to
inquire into the working of the Education Acts:
Humbly to assure Her Majesty that our careful consideration shall be given to the subjects
which Her Majesty has recommended to our attention, and to the measures which may be
submitted to us, and that we earnestly trust that with regard to these and all other matters
pertaining to our functions the keeping- and guidance of Almighty God may he vouchsafed
to us:'*-( l'incollili Cur sun .·)-
Question again proposed:-Debate rrsuiArtl.·-
Another Amendment proposed, by inserting, after the word " transient," in the 11th
paragraph, the words ,: but this House humbly expresses its regret that no measures are
announced by Uer Majesty for the present relief of these classes, and especially for affording
facilities to the agricultural labourers and others in the rural districts to obtain allotments
and email holdings on equitable terms as to rent and security of tenure:"-(Mr. Jrsse
Coli ? ng* .·)-
Question proposed, "That those words be there inserted:''-Debate arising;
Question put:-The House ????????; Ayes 329, Noes 250.
Abraham, William (Giani.)
Abraham-, William (Lim'k,W.)
behind, A. H. Dyke (Yorks.)
Agnew, William
5Allison, Robert Andrew
Arch, Joseph
Armitage, Benjamin
Asher, Alexander
Ashton, Thomas Gair
lOAtherley, Jones, L.
AYES.
Bak'er, Lawrence James
Balfour,SirGeo.(Kincardinesh.
Bálfour,Rt.Hn.J.BIair(Clackm.'
Barbour, William Bovle
15Barclay, James William
Barry, John
Bass, Sir Arthur <Statfordsh.)
Beaumont, Henry Frederick
Beith, Gilbert
20Bennett, Joseph
'D
Biddulph, Michael
Biggar, Joseph GiIHs
Blades, John Horton
Blaine. Alexander (Armagh, S.
25 Blake, Thomas
Bolton, Jos. Cheney (Stirlingsh.
Bolton, Tho.s.H.(S"t.Pancras,N.
Borlase, William Oopeland
Bradlaugh, Charles
SOBright, W.L. (Stoke upon Trent