25th January, 1886.
To*assure Her .Majesty that we learn .with regret that no material improvement can be noted
in the condition of Trade or Agriculture, apd to thank Her Majesty for informing, us* that Her
Majesty Tejîls the deepest sympathy for the, great number of persons,'in many vocations of life,
who are suffering under a pressure which Her Majesty trusts will prove to be transient:
"Humbly to thank Her Majesty for informing us that Her Majesty Jias seen with deep sorrow
the. renewal, since Het Majesty last addressed us, of Jthe attempt to excite the People of. Ireland
to" hostility against' the Legislative Union between that Country and Great Britain : that Her
Majesty is resolutely opposed to any disturbance of that fundamental Law, and that in'resisting
it Í-Jer" Majesty" is convinced thatjler Majesty will be heartily supported bv Her Parliament and
Her People:
To thank Her Majesty (or informing lis that the social no less than the material conditimi of
that Country engages Her anxious attention; that, although there has been during the last year
no marked increase of serious crime, there is in many places a concerted resistance to the
enforcement of legal omigations: and that Her Majesty regrets that the practice of organised
intimidation continues to exist. Humbly to thank Her'Majesty for informing us that Her
Majesty has caused every exertion to be used tor the detection and punishment of these crimes;
that no effort will be spared on the part of Her Majesty's Government to protect- Her Irish
subjects in the exercise of their legal rights, and the enjoyment of individual liberty, and that if,
as ¡1er Majesty's information leads.11er to apprehend, tlie existing provisions of the Law should
prove to be ¡t'adequate to cope with these growing evils, Her Majesty looks with confidence to
our willingness to invest Her Majesty's Government with all necessary powers:
Humbly to thank Her Majesty for informing us that lulls will be submitted for transferring
to Representative Councils in the Counties of Great Britain local business which is now
transacted by the Courts of Quarter Session and other authorities. That a measure for the
Reform of County Government in Ireland is also in preparation. That these Measures will
involve the consideration of thè present incidence of local burdens:
Humbly to thank Her Majesty that a Bill for facilitating the sale of (riebe Lands, in a manner
adapted to the wants of the rural population, will also be submitted to us; as also Bills for
removing the'dilHculties which prevent the easy and cheap transfer of Land; for mitigating the
distressed condition of tile poorer classes in the Western Highlands and Islands of Scotland; for
the more effectual prevention of accidents in mines'; for extending the powers of the Railway
Commission in respect of the Regulation of I !ates; and for the codification of the Criminal Law:
To assure Her Majesty that we join with Her Majesty in trusting that results beneficial to the
cause of education may issue frolli a Royal Commission which Her Majesty has appointed to
inquire into the working of the education Acts:
Ilinnbly to assure'Her Majesty that our carcYul consideration shall lie given to the subjects
which Her Majesty' has recommended to our attention, and to the measures which may be
submitted to us. and that we earnestly trust that with regard to these and all other matters
pertaining to our functions the keeping and guidance of Almighty God may be vouchsafed
to us;"-( ¡? »-etui n / Curst m .· )-
Question again proposed:-Debate rrsitnrttl.·-
Amendment proposed, at the end of the <>th paragraph, to add the words,-
"Mut this House humbly expresses to Her   Majesty their regret that the Revenues of
India have been applied to defray tlie'expenses of the military operations carried on in the
Kingdom of Ava, without the consent of  Parliament as required bv 'The Government of
Indi'l Act, 1SS8:'/"-(Mr. I/im/ir.)-     ->
Question proposed. "That those words be there added:"-Amendment, by leave, nitlitlrnirii.
Ar.other Amendment  proposed, by inserting, after the word '" Agriculture," in the 11th
paragraph, tlie·" words <: and humbly to represent the pressing necessity for securing without
<!cUv to the cultivators of the snil such conditions of tenure as will aid and encourage them
to meet  the  new and trying circumstances in which the Agriculture of the Country is
placed:'-( Mr. ß'in.dnj :)-
Question proposed, "That those words be there inserted:"'-Debate arising;
Motion made, and Question proposed, " That the Debate be now adjourned:"-r(ò'/V Rifluirti
Trii'fifr :)-Motion, by leave, iii/li'/ninn.
Question again proposed. ·' That those words lie there inserted:"-Debate arising;
Motion made, and Question, "That the Debate be now adjourned,"-(il//·. Khiifm;)-put,
and iiv'j'iliri-il.
Question put. 'That those words be there inserted :"-The House tliritletl ; Ayes 183,
Noes 211.