12                                     26th January, 1886.
A. M.
Numb. 3.
Queen's Speech,-Motion made, and Question proposed, " That an humble Address be presented to
Her Majesty, to thank .Her Majesty for the Most Gracious Speech which Her Majesty has
addressed to both Houses of Parliament:
Humbly to thank Her Majesty for informing us that Her Majesty.'s relations with ether
Powers continue to be of a friendly character:
To thank Her Majesty fpr informing us that the difference which existed, when Her Majesty
last addressed us, between Her Majesty's Government and that of Russia, on the subject of the
boundaries of Afghanistan, has .been satisfactorily adjusted, and that in pursuance of a Con-
vention which will be laid, before- us, the English and Russian Commissioners, with the full
concurrence of Mer Majesty's*ally, the Amir of Afghanistan, have been engaged in demarcating
the frontier of that Country. To assure Her'Majesty that we learn with satisfaction that lier
Majesty trusts that their work may tend to secure the continuance of peace in Central Asia:
Humbly to thank Her Majesty for informing us that a rising in Eastern Rouraelia has given
expression to -the. desire of the inhabitants for a change in the political arrangements under
which they were placed by the Treaty of Berlin, and that Her Majesty's object, in the negotiations
which have followed, has been to bring them, according to their wish, under the rule of the
Prince of Bulgaria, while maintaining ,unimpaired the essential rights of His Imperial Majesty
the Sultan:
To thank Her Majesty for informing us that'under a Convention, concluded with the Ottoman
Porte, Commissioners have been appointed on behalf of England and Turkey to confer with His
Highness the Khedive^and to report upon the measures required for securing the defence of
Egypt and the stability and efficiency of the Government in that country:
Humbly to thank Her Majesty for informing us that greatly to Hei* regret Her Majesty wa>
compelled in the month of November to declare war against Theehaw the King of Àva; that
acts of hostility on >his part against Her Majesty's subjects and the interests of Her Majesty's
Empire had, since his accession, been deliberate and continuous: that these had necessitated the
withdrawal of Her Majesty's Representative from his Court: and that Her Majesty's demands
for redress were systematically evaded and disregarded. To thank Her Majesty for informing
us that an attempt to confíscate the property of Her Majesty's subjects trading'under agreement
in hie dominions; and a refusal to settle the dispute by arbitration, convinced Her Majesty that
the protection of British life and property, and the cessation of dangerous anarchy in t'pper
Burmah, could only be effected by force of arms. .To assure Her Majesty that we learn with
satisfaction that the gallantry of Her Majesty's European and. Indian forces under Lieutenant
General Sir Harry Prcndergast, rapidly brought the country under Her Majesty'» power. And
humbly to thank Her Majesty for informing ns that Her Majesty has decided that the most
certain method of ensuring peace and order in those regions is to be' found ia the permanent
incorporation of the Kingdom of Aya with Her Majesty's Empire:
To thank Her Majesty for jnforming us that the time which has elapsed since Her Majesty
assumed the direct (¿? ver ? nient of India'inakes it desirable that the'operation of the Statutes, by
which that change wafe effected, should be carefully investigated, and lor commending this
important matter to oar earnest attention :
To assure Her Majesty that we learn with satisfaction that a protracted negotiation respecting,
the rights of the Republic of France on the coasts of, Newfoundland under the Treaty of I'trecjit-'
has been brought to a satisfactory conclusiou by an Agreement whjfih jri|) tie· laid IVciore us aud
before the Legislature of Newfoundland as soon as it assembles, and that an Agreement has.
afso been made with Spain, securing to .this Country all commercial rights granted to Germany
in the Caroline Islands:
Humbly to thank Her Majesty for informing us tha/ ¿¡he-causent wUJ l>e»a>'ked to-Legislativi
Measures rendered ' necessary bj., a Conyentioig^on the subject of International- Cqr/vright, t«>
which Her Majesty has agrceePr
Humbly to thank Her Majesty fof infornung lis that the Estimates for. tjie JOxpem'iture of the
ensuing year,, which have.bee-? framed with" ?? due regard "to. efficiency 'arid economy, will lie
submitted to us:
To assure Her Majesty that we learn with regrefr that no material improvement can be noted
in thc.condition of Traile, or Agriculture?-and to thank Hei: Majesty for informing'us(tliat Her
Majesty feejs the deepest sympathy for tlie great number of persons, in many vocations of lite,
who are suffering under a pressure tfliich Her- Majesty trusts will prove to be transient: