Himb. 2.
Mercurìi, 4e die Feòhtarii, 1846.
Irish Girat Western Railway-,-—Motion made, and Question proposed," That it be an Instruction to àie
Coi&mitteé on thé Petition for the Irish Great Western Railway Bill, to entertain the -Petitions of
tb.e-MídlándGreat Western Railway Company, of Ireland and James Malfey;—Daniel Desmond
and Jámf* Malley ;-^-John Gaynor ¡r'-and, Jawes Malley, notwithstanding the sarnie wer,e not pre-
sented, three cleapyifeiys. before tile day'» appointed )For the first meeting of the Comniittee:"—
Amendment proposed,· at the end of the .Question to add the. words, '« provided it appear· to the
*¡jtid. Committee that the:;said petitions tycw in the. possession of some Parliamentary Agent on
Friflay niorningr and that he waBprqwred to place them in the hands of a Member on the same
<juyfi>r presentation to the House, if the Mouse had not been adjourned over that day : —Question
ì>dt, 'fTh^tÌiòs(v words be there added •."'--The House diriâed; Ayes ü. Noes ;W.
AYES.
Esebtt; Bickham                             Patten; John VViUon
Feilden, VYiUiam (Bfeckburn)          Pechell, Captain
Tellers for th¿ Ayes, Mr. Christie and Mrv Baldwin.
SSomerset, Lord Granville
Strickland. Sir George
Àeìand, Tho,*Bykè (Somersets.)
Ba'tllie, AVàiiïam (Linlitngowsh.)
Barröri j Sb? Bejriry Winston;
Brotiie^tpn^oseph
sBuìfor^ ÉdVrÀrd (Staffordshire)
Clerk, tft. Hon.Sir George
COHett^Vm: Rickford (Lincoln)
Crawford,· \íilliam Sharman.
Benison, E. Beckett (Yorksh.)
lODuncan, George
Duiicannon, Viscount
Duneombe, Hon .0. (York,N.R.)
Easthopc, Sir John
NOES.
KsmondV, Sir Thomas
láEtwjiU, Ralph
Fergüsí)!i, Sir-Rob. A. (Derry)
Forster, Matthew
Gisborne, Thomas
Graham, Rt. Hon. Sir James
ÖOGreene, Tliomas
Hudson, George
Hutt, William
Jennyn, Earl
Lemon, *Sir "Charles
25Maitlarid, Thomas
O'Brien, A.Stafford (Norfham.)
O'Bçicn, J. (Limerick City)
O'CVnnell, Dan. (Cork)
O'Conor Don
3QPendiirves. Edward. VV, VV.
Phillpotts, Joiin
Rawdoii; Colonel
Ross, David Robert
SpoQjiér, Riehard
ttäSuttnn, Hun. Henry M.
Wood, Colonel (Iirecnockah.)
Wyndliam, Colonel C.
Yorké, Henry Redhead (York)
Young, John
Teüers for the Noes, Mr. French and Mr. Hodgspn (Berwick.)
C