635
B. M.
Tuesday, SÙi August, 1876.
Numb. 231.
Appellate Jurisdiction Bill [Lnrth^-rcomidcred in Committee:-
(In tbe Committee.)
A. Clause,-
(Amendment of the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts in relation to lier Majesty's Court
of Appeal.)
( Whereas it is expedient to amend the constitution of Her Majesty's Court of-Appeal, in mauncr
hereinafter mentioned: Be it Enacted, That there shall be repealed so much of the fourth section
of "The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1S75," as provides that the ordinary judges of lièi:
Majesty's Court of Appeal (in this Act referred to as '* the Court of Appeal") shall not exceed
three at any one time.                                     /   .                                           V.
In addition to the number of ordinary jiidgcs.of the Court of Appeal authorised to be appointed
by ·" The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 187.5," Her Majesty may. appoint 'three.additional
ordinary judges of that Court.                                                                                ;.
The tirst three appointments of additional judges under this Aet shall tie. iliadi· Jn'isut-li
transfer to the Court of Appeal as is in this section mentioned 'of."three judges 'oft Im- I Jigli
Court.of Justice, and the vacancies so created, in the High Court of" Justice, shall not lie filli'?>'.
up, excej>t in the even! and to the extent hereinafter mentioned.
lier Majesty may by writing, under lier sign manual,'either before, or-after the eoinincncc-
nieiitT of this Act, but so as not t(4)uke effect until the coniinenc.eniciit thcivif. transfer Tn the
Court'of Ajipcal from the following Divisions of the High Court'of Justice, that is to say. flit-
(¿neen's Bench Division, the Common Pleas Division, and the Exchequer Division.-such of the
?judges, of the said Divisions, not exceeding three in iiiimlici·. as to HerMajesty iiiay seem uieet.
each of whom shall have been a judge of any one or more of such Divisions for not jc-.-s than two
years previously to his appointment, and shall not be an ex-ofh'cio judge of the Court of Appeal,
and. every judge so transferred shall be deemed an additional 'ordinary judge of the Court ol
Appeal in the same maimer as if lie had hceji.appointed such judge by letters patent. No judge
shall be so transferred without his own consent.    '     '     ?·
EyeryTadi-iitipniil ordjiiarv judge of the said Court of Appeal a])pointed in pursuance of this
Act shall lie subject to the provisions of sections twenty-nine and thirty-seven .of ''The Supreme
Court of Judicature Act, 1S7:>," and shall be under an obligation to go circiiits'and to iu-t as
Commissionerundereoiiiinissions of assize or Other eoiiiinissioiis authorised to be issued in pur-
suance ot the said Act, in the same maimer in all respects as if he were a Judge of the JIigli
Court "!'Justice.
There shall bo paid to every addiHrmal ordinary judge appointed ¡!!pursuance of this A.ct. in
addition to the salary which he would otherwise receive as an ordinary judge ol the Court ol
?Appeal, such sum on account of his expenses on, circuit or under.such commission as aforesaid,
as may be approved-by the Treasury upon the recommendation of the Lord. Chancellor.
Each ofthe.jVul.ue.sof the High Court of Justice who. is in pursuance'of this Act transferred to
thi- Court of Appeal, by ..writing under the sign manual of lier Majesty, shall retain sudi ollicciv
as jire attached to his'person as such judge, and are appointed anil removeable by him at .Ili*
pleasure, in pursuance Of "The Supreme Court of Judicature Act. IK7.'J," and tbe .ofiict-rs s<·
attached shall have the same-rank, and hohl their olliccs by. the same tenure; and upon the same
ternis and conditions, and receive the same salaries, and if entitled to, pensions be entitled to the
same pensions,ami shall, as nearly as may be perform the. sann- duties as if the judges to whom
thev.MPé attached had not been-transferred'to the Court of Appeal.
Subject as aforesaid, the provisions, ^f the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts, 1S73 and IS75,
for tbe time being in force-in relation to the appointment ..of ordinary judges of Her Majesty's
Court-of Appeal; and to their tenure of ollice; and to fliejr precedence, and to their salaries and
pciisiijiis, rfnd to thè oflicérs to be attached to such judges, and all other provisions relating to
sudi ordinary judges sliall' apply to the additional ordinary judges appointed in pursuance ol
this section in the same maimer as they apply to the other ordinary judges of the said Court.
TT