54
27th February, 1896.
8 b. Ou.
B. M.
Numb. 19.
Business, of the House (Supply),·-Order rend, for resuming Adjourned Debate on Amendmct
proposed [25th February] to Main Question [20th February], as amended-
" (1) That so soon as the Committee of. Supply has been appointed and
Estimates have been presented, the Business of Supply shall (until it be
disposed of) be the first Order of the Day on Friday, unless the House other-
wise order ion thè Motion of a Minister of the Crown moved at the commence-
5 nient of. Public Business to be decided without Amendment or Debate; and
the provisions of Standing Order No. 56 shall be extended to Friday:
Not more than twenty days, being days when the Speaker leaves the Chair
for the Committee of Supply without Question put; counting from the first
day on which the Speaker so left the Chair under Standing Order No. 56,
shall be allotted for the consideration of the Annual Estimates ¡for the Army,
10 Navy, and Civil Services, including Votes on Account, the Business of Supply
standing first Order on every such day:
On the nineteenth of such allotted days, at 10 o'clock p.m., the Chairman
shall proceed to put forthwith every Question necessary to dispose of the
outstanding Votes in Committee of Supply; and on the twentieth of such
15 allotted days the Speaker shall, at 10 o'clock pro., proceed to put forthwith
every Question necessary to complete the outstanding Reports of Supply:
On. the dayn appointed for concluding the Business of Supply, the con·
sidemtion of such business shall not be anticipated .by a Motion of Adjourn·.
ment under Standing Order No. 17; nor may any dilatory Motion be moved
20 on such proceedings; nór sball they be interrupted under- the provisions of
any Standing Order relating to the Sittings of the House:
Provided always, that* the days occupied by the consideration of Estimates
supplementary to those of a previous Session,,or of any Vote of Credit, shall,
not he included in the computation of* the twenty days. Provided also, That
25 two Morning Sittings shall be deemed equivalent to one Tbreo o'clock Sitting;
and that, except in the case of a dissolution of Parliament or other emergency,
the said twenty days shall be allotted so that the Business of "Supply be
concluded before the 5th of August."-(Mr. Balfour )'-
And which Amendment was, to leave out all the words from the word "Debate," in Ime
to the end of the Question:-(Mr. Labouchere : )-
Question again proposed, " That the words ' Not more than ' stand part of the Question :"-
Debate resumed:-
Question put:-The House divided ; Ayes 268, Noes 124.
Acland, Rt Hon. A. H. Dyke
Acland-Hood, Capt. Sir A. F.
Aira, John
Allen, Wm.(Newc. under Lyme
5AUsopp, Hon. George
Arnold, Alfred
Arrol, Sir William
Ascroft, Robert
Atkinson, Rt Hon. JoIm
lOBagot, Capt. Josceline B itzRoy
Baillie,James E B. (Inverness)
Balcarrce, Lord
Baldwin, Alfred
Balfour, Rt Hon. A J. (Manch'r
15Balfour,GenldWiUiam(Leeds)
AYES.
Banes, Major George Edward
Barnes, Frederic Gor .1H
Barry, Francia Ti ess( Windsor)
Bathurst, I Ion. Allen Benjamin
20Beach,RtHn.SirM.H.(Bristol)
Beach; W. W. Bramston(Hants.
Bentinck, Lord Henry C.
Bbownaggree,>Mancherjce M.
Bigwood, James
25BiIl, Charles
Boscawen, Arthur Griffith-
Bousfield, Williain Robert
Brassey, Albert
Brodrick, Hon. St John
80Buchanan, Thomas Ryburn
Bucknill, Thomas Townsend
Bullard, Sir Harry
Burdett-Coutts, W.
Burbe, John
35Butcher, John George
Buxton, Sydney Charles
Byrne, Edmund Widdringtw
Campbell, James A.
Carltle, William Walter
40Cavendish, R. F. (N. Lanca)
Cavendish, V.C. W.(Derby8bi
Cayzer, Charles William
Cecil, Lord Hugh
Chaloner, Captain R. G. W.
45Chamberlain, Rt Hon. J. (Bin