-??
Zwio, 9? die Junii, 1856.
Numb. 108.
Oath of Abjuration BUl,-read 3° ; Amendment proposed, in page 2, to leave out from the lieginuing of
line 8 to the. end of line 14, in order to insert the words :
" I, A. B. do truly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, testify, and declare in my conscience:
before God and the world that our Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria is lawful and rightful
Queen of this Realm, and of all other Her Majesty's dominions and countries thereunto
belonging :
And I do swear that I will hear faith and true allegiance to Her Majesty Queen Yicturiu, and
Her will defend to the utmost of my power against all traitorous conspiracies and attempt* what-
soever which shall be made against -Her Person, Crown, or Dignity :                v
And I will do my utmost endeavour to disclose and make known to Her Majesty and Her
successors all treasons und traitorous conspiracies which I shall know to be against 11er or any
of them :
And I do faithfully promise to the utmost of my power to maintain, support, and defend the
Succession of the Crown against all persons whatsoever, which Succession, by an Act intituled ' Au
Act for the further limitation of the Crpwn and better securing the rights and liberties, of the
subject,' is and stands limited to the Princess Sophia, Electoress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover,
and the Heirs of her body being Protestants :
And all these things I do plainly and sincerely acknowledge and swear according to tlie-e express
words by me spoken, and according to the plain and common sense and understanding of the sum-
words, without any equivocation, mental evasion, or secret reservation whatsoever ; and I «to make
this recognition, acknowledgment, and promise, heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true faith
of ? Christian.. So help me God."
-(Sir Frederic Thesiger,)-instead thereof:-Question put, "That the words proposed to be left
out stand part of the Bill :"-The House divided; Ayes 159, Noes 1 la.
Agncw, Sir Andrew
Anderson, Sir Janjes
Antrobus, Edmund
Atherton, WiUiam
r.Baines, Rt. Hn. Matthew Talbot
Ball, Edward (Cambridgeshire)
Ball, John (Carlow)
Baring, RtHn. Sir F.T. (Portsm.)
Barnes, Thomas
lOBaxter, William Edward
Bell, James
Bethell, Sir Richard
Biddulph, Robert Myddelton
Biggs, WUUam
15 Black, Adam
Bouvorie, Rt. Hn. Edw. Pleydell
Bowyer, George
Brady, John
Brand, Hon. Henry
20 Brotherton, Joseph
Brown, William (Lanças.)
Bruce, Lord Ernest (Marlboro*)
Buckley,- General
Burke, Sir Thomas John
25 Butler, Charles Salisbury
Byng, Hn. Geo. Henry Charles
Castlerosse, Viscount
Challis, Mr. Alderman
Charnbers,Montagu(Greenwich)
¿oChombers, Thomas (Hertford)
AYES.
Clinton, Lord Robert (Notts)
Cockburn, Sir Alex. James Edin.
Coffin, Walter
Corrile, Charles Robert
35Coote, Sir Charles Henry
.Craufurd, Edward Henry John
Crook, Joseph
Cubitt, Mr. Alderman'
Davie, Sir Henry R. Ferguson
40Davies, John Lloyd (Cardigan)
Dent, John Dent
De Vere, Stephen Edward
Devereux, John 'Thomas
DUlwyn, Lewis Llewelyn
4 5 Disraeli, Rt. Hon. Benjamin
Duke, Sir James
Duncan, Viscount (Forfar)
Duncan, Qeorge (Dundee)
Duncombe, Thomas (Finsbury)
50Dungarvan, Viscount
Dunlop, Alexander Murray
Elcho, Lord
EUice, Edward (St. Andrew's)
Evans, Sir De Lacy
55Ewort, WiUiam (Dumfries, &c.)
Fagan, WiUiam
Fenwick, Henry
Ferguson.SirRob. (Londonderry
FitzGerald, Sir John (Clare Co.)
eOFitzgerald, John D. (Ennis)
3 T
RitzRoy, Rt. Hon. Henrv
Foley, John H. H.
Forster,'John (Berwick ?
Fox, William Johnson
65Freestun, Colonel
Gaskell, James' Milne*
Glyn, Geprgb Çàrr
Goderich, Viscount
Gower, Hon. Frederick Leveson
70Graham,Rt.Hn.SirJas. (Carlisle )
Greene, John (KUkenny Co.)
Grey, Rt Hn. SirGeo.( Morpeth)
Hadfield, George
Hastie, Alexander (Guisgow)
75Hastie, Archibald (Paisley)
Headiam, Thomas Emerson
-Henchy, David O'Connor
Heywood, James
Hogg, Sir James Weir
80Horsman, Rt. Hn.'Edwar'd
Hughes, Henry Geo. (Longford)
Hutt, WiUiam
Ingham, Robert
Ingram, Herbert
85Kennedy, Tristram
Kershaw, James
Labouchere, Rt Hon. Henry
Längsten, Jomes Houghton
Langten, Henry Gore (-Bristol)
90Laslett, WiUiam