Numb. 146.
Clause. Nine (Schoolmaster' must obtain certificate of fitness from an Inspector) :-^Amendment
proposed, in pageInline 30, to leave out from the. word "thereof "to the end. of the Cláuse¿,iri
order to insert the "words "who shall declare when elected that he is not of theEstablishedChurch
pf-Scotland* shall not be required, as ? condition of his admission to or enjoyment of the said office,
to sign before' the Presbyter}' of the Bounds the Formula of Jthe Church of Scotland required by the
sixteenth section of the forty-third George the Third, chapter fifty-four, but shall in, lieu thereof
make the following déclaration : ' ?,,?, B.. do. hereby declare, that I do sincerely own and believe,
the whole doctrine· contained in the Confession of .Faith approvenby the General Assemblies of the
National' Church, and ratified by law: b> the year one thousand six hundred and ninety,, and
frequently confirmed by divers Acts of Parliament since that tinie, to be the truths of God, and I do
solemnly and sincerely, in the,presence .of .God, 'profess,, testify, and declare, that a*/schoolmaster
of .                              ,.' in the.discharge of the. said office, I will not : exercise -thé functions thereof
to the prejudice or subversion.of the Church- of Scotland, as by low . established, or the doctrines
and privileges thereof,'"-(Sir Graham Montgomery,)--instead thereof :-Question put, "That the
words 'shall not be required' stand part of the Clause:"-The Committee divided-;'Ayes .107,
Noes 51.
AYES.
Acton.'Joseph
Agnew, Sir Andrew
Anderson, ¡Sir James
Ball, Edward (Cambridgeshire)
5Baxter, William Edward
Beamish, Francis Bernard
Beaumont, WentwortH Blackett
Bellew, Thomas A.
Black, Adam
lOBÍand, Loftus H.
Bonhnm-Carter, John
Bouverie, Rt Hn"Edw. Pleydell
Brand, Hon. Henry '
Brotherton, Joseph .
löButler, Charles Salisbury
Byng, Hn. Geo. Henry. Charles
.   Cayley, Edward Stillingfleet
Cliallis, Mr. Alderman
Cheetham, John
20Cowan, Charles
Craufurd, Edward Henry John
Crossley, Frank
Davie. Sir Henry R. Ferguson
Deasv, Rickard
25De Vere, Stephen Edward
Drumlanrig, Viscount
Duff, George Skene (Elgin)
Duncan, Viscount (Forfar)
Duncan, George (Dundee)
30Dunrlas, Frederick (Orkney)
Dunlop, Alexander Murray .
Dunne, Michael (Qtfeèn'sCo.)
EUice, Edward (St. Andrew's)
Ewart; William (Dumfries, &c.)
35Feilden, Montague Joseph
Fenwick, Henry
Fergus, John
Ferguson, CpI. (Kirkardy, &c.)
Fitzgerald, John D. (Ennis) '   ' ?
40Forster, John (Berwick)
Fortescue, Chichester Samuel
Freestun, Colonel .   %     .
Gallwey, Sir William Payne
Gaskell, James Milnes
45Gifford, Earl of
Goderich, Viscount
Gordon, Hon. Arthur
Greene, John (Kilkenny Co.)
GrenfeU, Charles William
50Haddo, Lord '  .
?   Hastié, Alexander (Glasgow)
..  Hastie, Archibald (Paisley)
Headiam, Thomas Emerson
Horsman, Rt. Hon. Edward
55lngram, Herbert
Jackson, William
Johnstone, Sir John. (Scorboro')
Kershaw, James
Kinnaird, Hn. Arthur Fitzgerald«
60Langston, James Haughton. .
Langton, Henry Gore (Bristol)
Lindsay ,Wm. Schaw (Tynem'th)
Littleton, Hn Edward Richard
M'Gregor, John (Glasgow)
eoMîTaggart, Sir Joîîû
Martin,Phil.Wyk'eham'(Rochest.
Mossey, William Nathaniel
MiaU; Edward
Milligan, Robert
70Milnes, Richard Monckton
Micheli, William (Bodmin)
Moffatt, George
Monck, Viscount
Moncreiff," Rt .Hon. James
75Morris, David ??.."·
. O'Briën.Pn'trick (King's Co.)
O'Connell, Contain (CIonmel)
Oliv.eira,>Benjamin·
Pellatt, Äpsley '   .
80PhiUimore,JohnGeorge (Leom,)
Pilkington, James
Pollaru-UrquhartyW.
Price, Sir Robert (Hereford)
' Reed, Major J, Haythome
85Rich, Henry
Ridiey-jGeorge
Russell-, Fr. C. Hastings (Beds)
Sawle, C. Brune Graves  ,'
Scully, Francis (Tipperary)
90Shelleyj Sir John ViUiers
Stanley, Ljdrd («King's Lynn)
,Strutt, Rt* Hon. Edward
Thompson, George
Tite,; William
95TTaUIi George
Vansittart, George Henry
Vernon,GranviUeE.H.(Newark)
Vivian, Henry Husséy (Truro).
,Watson, WiUiam Henry
100Wickham, Henry Wickham
Wilkinson, WiUiam Arthur
Willcox, Brodie M'Ghie
Williams, WUliam (Lambeth)
Wilson, James
105Winnington, SirThomas Edward
Wise, John Ayshford
WyvUl, Marmaduke
Tellers for the Ayes, Mr. Hayter and the Earl of Mulgrave.