19
? --·>;>'?

fir*..;-;-;.·  /  /
hrffe/
Mortis, 19" ate Februarii, 1856.
Numb. 9.
{statutes at Large, &c,-Motion made, and Question proposed, "That there be prepared, under the direc-
tion of the Clerk of thè Parliaments, an edition of the Statutes at large, for thè use of this House,
including all Public General Statutes and parts of Statutes in force, and omitting all such Statutes
and parts of Statutes as are expired or have been expressly, repealed; and that, in the place of the
Statutes or parts of Statutes repealed, there be inserted the titles of the Statutes'repealed, the
respective numbers and abstracts of the clauses repealed, With a reference in the margin to the
Statutes, by which they are. repealed.:"-(Mr. lockeKinyO- Amendment proposed, to leave out
from the word " prepared," to the end' of the Question, in order to add the words " an edition of
the Statutes at large, including all. Public General Statutes and parts of Statutes in force, and
omitting, all such Statutes and parts of Statutes as aire expired ochave been expressly repealed;
and that, in the place of the Statutes or parts of Statutes repealed, there be inserted the titles of the
Statutes repealed, the respective numbers and abstracts of the clauses repealed,.with a reference in
the. margin to the Statutes by which they are repealed^"-(Mr. Robert Philiimore,)-instead thereof:
Question, "That the words proposed to be left out stand part of the Question," put, and nega-
tived.:-Words added:-Main Uuestion, as amended, put/"That there be prepared an edition of-
fne Statutes- at large, including all Public General Statutes and parts of Statutes in force, and
omitting all such Statutes and parts of Statutes as aré expired or have been expressly repealed ;
and that, in the place of the Statutes or parts of Statutes repealed, there be inserted the titles of
the Statutes repealed, the respective numbers and abstracts of the clauses repealed, with a reference
in the margin to the Statutes by which they are repealed :"-The House divided; Ayës 63,
Noes 164.
Acton, Joseph
Albock, Thomas
Anderson, Sir James
Barnes, Thomas
5Baxter, William Edward
Beamish, Francis Bernard
Bell, James
Bland, Loftus H.
Brotherton, Joseph
lOBrown, William (Lanças.)
Crook, Joseph
Crossley, Frank
Duncan, George (Dundee)
Dunlop, Alexander Murray.
ISEwort, William (Dumfries, &c.)
Ewart) Joseph* Christr. (Liverp.)
Fagan, William
Fenwick, Henry
Ferguson, Joseph (Carlisle)
20Fo»ter, Charles (Walsall)
Fox, William Johnson (Oldham)
AYES.
Goderich, Viscount
Greene, John (Kilkenny Co.)-
Grosvenor,Lord Robert(Midd'x)
25Gurney, John Henry
Hadfield, George
Heywood, James
Johnstone, Jas. (Clackmannan).
Kennedy, Tristram
SOKer, David Stewart
King, Hn. P. Jn. Locke(Surrey)
Kinnaird, Hh. Arthur Fitzgerald
Langten, Henry Gore (Bristol)
M'Cann, James
35M'Gregor, John (Glasgow)
Maguire, John Francis
Meagher, Thomas
Miall, Edward
MiUigan, Robert
40Michell, William (Bodmin)
Moffatt, George
Napier, Sir Charles(Southwark)
Oliveira, Benjamin
Pellatt, Apsley
45Perry, Sir Thomas Erskine
Pilkington, James
Reed.JosephHaythorne
Robarles, Thomas James Agar
Scholefield, William
50Scobell, Captain
Shelley, Sir John ViUiers
Thompson, George
Tite, William
55Vansittart, George Henry
Vivian, Henry Hussey (Truro)
Walmsley, Sir Joshua
Watkins, Colonel Lloyd
Watson, William Henry
60Whatman, James
Wilkinson, William Arthur
Williams, William (Lambeth)
Wise, John Ayshford
Tellers for the Ayes, Mr. Montagu Chambers and Mr. Robert Philiimore.