22* die Man, 1856.
Numb. 80.
Reformatory and Industrial Schools BiU,-considered in Committee :-
(In the Committee. )
Clause (So much of the said first recited Act as provides that no youthful offender shall be
directed to be sent to any Reformatory School by any court; judge, sheriff, or magistrate, until after
the expiration of his sentence, nor unless he shall be sentenced to a punishment of imprisonment
for fourteen days at the least, shaU be and is hereby repealed ; and it shoU henceforth be lawful
for any such court, judge, sheriff, or magistrate, having authority under the said recited Act or this
Act, to direct any such youthful offender to be sent to and detained in any Reformatory School, to
mitígate or commute any sentence of imprisonment which may be passed on any such offender, so
far as relates to the actual confinement of such offender in a common prison or house of correction,
if in the exercise of their or his discretion it shall appear expedient so to do ; and, in lieu thereof, it
shall be lawful for such court, judge, sheriff, or magistrate, to direct such offender to be sent to and
detained in a Reformatory School according to the provisions of the said recited Act and this Act,
as weU during aU or any part of the term of such sentence as for any further period, not lees than or
exceeding the limits prescribed by the said -Act),-- (Mr. Gordon,)-brought up, and read 1° :-
Question put, " That the Clause be read a second time :"-The Committee divided; Ayes 57, Noes 80.
Adderiey, Charles Bowyer
Baines, Rt. Hn. Matthew Talbot
Baxter, William Edward
Black', Adam
óBrand, Hon. Henry
*Byng, Hn. Geo. Henry Charles
Cecil, Lord Robert
ChUd, Smith
Cowan, Charles
lODuncan, Viscount (Forfar)
Duncan, George (Dundee)
Dunlop, Alexander Murray
Dunne, Michael (Queen's Co.)
Egerton, Sir PhiUp (Cheshire S.)
I a Ewart, WUUam (Dumfries, &c.)
Ewart, Joseph Christr. (Liverp.)
Fitzgerald, John D. (Ennis)
Greaves, Edward
Greene, John (Kilkenny Co.)
AYES.
20GrenfeU, Charles WiUiam
Heathoote, jSirWm. (Oxf. Univ.)
Hervey, Lord Alfred
Howard, Hn.Chas. W.G. (Cumb.)
Hughes, W. Bulkeley (Carnarvon
25Hughes, Henry Geo. (Longford)
Johnstone, Jas. (Clackmannan)
LiddeU, Hon. Henry George
Lushington, Charles Manners
Mackie, John
30Malins, Richard
MUnes, Richard Monckton
Micheli. William (Bodmin)
Monck, Viscount
Moncreiff, James
35Murrough, John Patrick
North, Frederick (Hastings)
Northcote, Sir Stafford Henry
O'Brien, James (Limerick)
Pakington, Rt. Hon. Sir John
40Palmer, Roundell (Plymouth)
Paxton, Sir Joseph
PeUatt, Apsley
Percy, Hon. JoceUnè William
PhiUimore, Rob. J. (Tavistock)
45PUkington, James
Pollard-Urquhart, W.
Rice, Edward Royd
Robartes, Thomas James Agar
Robertson, Patrick Francis
50RusseU, Fr. C. Hastings (Beds)
Spooner, Richard
StirUng, WUliam
Thompson, George
Vivian, John Ennis (Truro)
55Whitbread, Samuel
Winuington,Sir ThomasEdward
Wortley, Rt. Hn. Jas. Stuart
Tellers for the Ayes, Mr. Gordon and ,Viscount Goderich.
Alcnck, Thomas
Anderson, Sir James
Baird. James
Barrow, WUliam Hodgson
5ReIl. James
Bethell, Sir Richard
Bignold, Sir Samuel
Blackburn, Peter
Blandford, Marquis of
lOBouvcrie, Rt. Hn. Edw. Pleydell
Bramston, Thomas WUliam
Brocklehurst, John
NOES.
Brotherton, Joseph
Buller, Sir John Yarde
15Burrowes, Robert (Cavan)
Butt, Geo. Medd (Weymouth)
Chambers,Montagu(Greenwich)
Chaplin, WUUam James
Cheetham, John
20Clay, Sir William
Cowper,Rt.Hn. William Francis
Craufurd, Edward Henry John
Crossley, Frank ·
Davies, John Lloyd (Cardigan)
3 F
25Davison, Richard
Denison, Edmund (York, W.R.)
Dillwyn,. Lewis Llewelyn
Disraeli, Rt. Hon. Benjamin
Dunne, Colonel (Portarlington)
30Egerton, Edw. C.(Macclesfield)
Farnhara, Edward Basil
Ferguson, Joseph (CarUsle)
Galway, Viscount
Glyn, George Carr
35Grey,Rt.Hon.SirGeo.(Morpeth)
Gwyn, Howel