122                               2nd April, 1906.
4h. 40m.                                                                                                                                          B. ?
Numb. 39.
Biisiiies*s of I In· House (Procedure) (Sittings of the Hoitse),-^Stan«ling Order No. I
12Hth February l-S.S.*" and 2???? May IiH»21 read, as folloxveth :-
Silliiiijs if Un· limisi:
L- (I.) I'nh'ss llie house otherxvisc order, the house shall meel every
.Momlay, Tiif.»day, AA'cdiifsday, anil TIi ? is. lay at txvo of th.- clock for an
aflerntion sitting, and at nine of the clock for an evening silling.
(2.) ?.? on.· of Ih«· «dock at the t-vciiiiig silting, the Speaker shall
a«IJoHm the house xvitbotit. ijuestion put, unless a bill originating in
eoiniiiillfi-of ways inni iiieans, or unless proceedings inaile ¡it pursuance
of any itet of parliiutieiil or standing order, or olherxvise exempted as
lififiiiaflft· provided fmm the operation of this slainling onleivbu tliMi
iunior consideration.
("'..) At half·past seven of the clock and at. midnight on Mondays,
TiH1SiIa-Vs, AA'et I nest lays, ami Thursday-!, «'""ti*pl as aforesaid, ami at half-
pasl live of the clock ou Fridays, the proceedings on any ?business then
"under considerai ion shall be ¡nlerriipietl ; ami, if the house lie in com-
mittee, tin· chairman shall leave the chair, ami make his report to the
Iioiim·; ami if il nini ion ha» been pi-oposcd for litt· ailjoiiinuieiil of tin·
hoiisf, or of the debatí'·, or in cumuli tee that the chairman ilo report
progress, or do leave the chair, every such ililal.-rv niolion shall lapse,
xvillii.til .|iicstioii pul.
t I.l Provided ¡ilxvn.xs, l lint on lite interrupt ion of .business ? Iu- closure
may lie moved; ami if iimveil, or if proceedings ionici· the .closure
nil.· lie I Inn in progress, the* Speaker or chan man »hall, not leave the
chair, until the <pif »lions eon»,.pi,-til thereon an.i »m any further,
motion, a» provided in I he rule "ein.».ire of th-balc," have been
«leciiicd.
(·'».) Aller the business initier cmisiil.-rnlinii al txvelvc ami half-past
t'ivi·, respectively, has been disposed of, no opposed business shall he
lakfii; and ¡ifler Hie business under consideration al half-pa»!, seven of
tin· clock I.as l.i'.-i. dis|.os.-d of no oilier Ihimiicss sitali be taker..
(<">.) All business appoint.·.! for any sillitt.^, anil imi dispn-ed <>f before
tin· lermiiiatioii of the sitting, shall stami over nul il the next sitting, or
until such olher sitting où any day mi xxhich the lions,· ordinarily sit.» a.»
the ini-mlifi· in charge of the business may appoint.
17.) A motion may be ina«!.1 by a minist.·!· ol' the crown at the
COiIiIiIfUfi-ini-nl ?»? public busiiicss, to be (lccidcd xvilhoiil iiitieiiilmeiit
or debate, Iu the folloxviug elïecl : "Thal lite proceedings on any
spi-filiiil liiisin,·.».», if miller discussion at txvelvc this night, be net
interrupted ?????«? the standing ottici· 'fittings of the house,'" or tQ the
foll.ixxing effect : That tht· proceeding»* on any specitied business, if
imil.-r ilisciissioii on the interruption of business at this afternoon's
sitting be iv-ntucd and pioceeded txith, though opposed, aft in* tin·
interruption of business al lhis eveniug's silling.
(--·.) Pitivitletl alxvays, tiiat aller any business exempted from the
operali.>n of this on 1er is disposed ol, the remaining business of the
!'ittiiiu »!...!! b,- dealt xvith !.."...orditi«-' to the provisions-applicable to
busiiies» taken after Ixvclve o'clock.
('.K) Provided also, that the chairiiiiiii of xvays and incaiis du take the
chair as deputy speaker, when retmested so to do by Mr..Speaker, xvithout
any formai communication to the house; and that AIr. Speaker shall
nominate, at the coniiiieiiccmcnt of every session, a panel of not more
than live tneinbers to act as temporary chairmen of committees, when
?·< ? nested by the chairman of xvays and means.
Aiiii-ndim-iit proposed to the .standing order, in paragraph (1), line 2, to
leave out the words ·" AA'oduesday ami:" - (Sit llfntij <'««mplivll-
leinil· rimili .·)-
Question put, "That the words proposed to bo left out stand part of the
Standing Urtier:"-The House divided ; Ayes 2??, Noes 180.