7b. 45m.
b. is.
Thursday, 13ft Febrmm 1896«
Numb. 1.
Queeik'i Speech (Motion for an Adirei·),-Order, road, for resuming Adjourned Debate on Amend-
ment« proponed [ISIb1 February] to Question [11th February], " That an humble" Address bq
presented to Her Majesty, as foUoweUi*-·»
Most Granice» Sovereign,
We1 Year Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom
olOreat Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, beg leave to offer our humble thanks to
You/ Majesty for'the gracious Speeoh which* Your Majesty b'aa addressed to both Houses of
Parliament:
We take this first opportunity'of expressing to'Your Majesty our deep concern at the* sad
affliction with which Your Majesty has been visited iri the death of His Boyal Highness Prigce
Henry Maurice of Battenberg: '
We desire tc^aaiui» Your Majesty, and Her Rçyal Highness Prince« Henry o£ Battenberg
of our sincere participation in tlie general feeling of sorrow for the heavy bereavement which
Your Majesty and Your Majesty's family have sustained by the loss of a Prince who was
regarded with universal affection and esteem by Your Majesty's subjects:"-(Kr. Qêorge
Qoschen:)-
And wbie· Amendment was, at the end of thé* Question, to add the words,-
" And we humbly represent to Your Majesty, that Your present advisers, by their refusal
to propose any measure of sell-government for Ireland, bave aroused feelings of the deepest
discontent and resentment in the minds of Irishmen; and that they have tpereby added to
the complications and difficulties which have antacn from their Foreign and Colonial
policy:"-XMr. Dillon:)-
Question again proposed:-Debate retWMd:-·
Question put:-The House divided; Ayes 160, Noes 276.
Abraham, William (Cork.N.E.)
Allan, William (Gateshead)
Allen,Wm.f Newcunder Lyme
Allison, Robert Andrew
5Ambrose, Robert (Mayo, W.)
Arch, Joseph
Asher, Alexander
Ash ion, Thomas Gair
? equith, RtHn.Herbert Henry
lOAuetin, M. (Limerick, W.)
Ballour.RtHn J.Blair/Clackm.
Hnyley, Thomas (Derbyshire)
llcaumont, Wentworth C. B.
ltalton, Thomas Dolling
15'lrigg, John
Bryce, Rt. Hon. James
Burns, John
Hurt, Thomas
Buxton, Sydney Charles
SO'Jaldwell, James
Cameron, Robert
Cainpbell-Bannennan, Sir H.
Carmicbael, 8ir T. D. Gibson-
Carvill, Patrick Geo. Hamilton
25 Tauston, Richard Knight
Channing, Francis Allsten
Clancy, John Joseph
AYES.
Clough, Wslter Owen
Colville, John ·
SOCommins, Andrew
Condon, Thomas Joseph
Corbet, William J. (Wicklow)
Cozens·Hardy, Herbert Hardy
Curran,Thomas B. (Donegal)
JSCuiran, Thomas (Sligo, S.)
DiiUiel, James Henry
Davies, M. Vaugban· (Cardigan
Davies, W. Rees· ( Pembrokesh.
Davitt, Michael William
«ODillon, John
Donclan, Captain A
Doogan, P. C.
Doughty, George
Dunn, Sir William
45EIHs, John Edward (Notts. )
Ellis, Thos.Edw. ( Merioneth)».
Engledew, Charles John
Farrell, James P. (Cavan, W.)
Farrell, Thomas J. (Kerry, S.)
SOFenwick, Charles
Ferguson, R. C. Munro (Leith)
Fiekl, William (Dubliu)
Flynb, James Christopher
Foster, Sir Walter (Derby Co.)
55GlAdetonc,Rt.Hn.Herbei t Johnr
Goddsrd. Daniel Ford
Gold. Charles
Gourley.Sir BdwardTemperley
Grey, Sir Edward ( Berwick )
eOHsldane, Richard Burdon
Harcourt, Rt. Hon. Sir William
Harrington, Timothy
Harrison, Charles
Hsrwood, George
65Hayden, Luke Patrick
Hayne, Rt Hon. Charles Seale·
Hemphill, Rt Hon. Charles H.
Hogan, Jsmes Frsncis
Holborn, J. G.
rOHornby, William Henry
Humphreys-Owen, Arthur C.
Hutton, Alfred E. (Morley)
Jscoby, James Alfred
Jsuaerm, Mejor J. Eustace
7AJohnson-Ferguson, Jabex Ed w.
Jones, W ill¡ain(Carnarvonab¡ re
Kay-Shuttleworth.RtHn.SirU.
Kcarley, Hudson E.
Kenny, Jos. E.( Dub.,Col.Green
eOKilbride, Denis
Kinlocb,SirJohnGeor^e Smyth