7h. Om.
B. M.
Monday, 17 th February, 1896.
Numb. 2.
Queen's Speech (Motion fo/ Address),-Order read, for resuming Adjourped Debate on Amend-
ment proposed [14th February] to Question [11th February], " That an humble Address bo
presented to Her Majesty, as followeth:-
Most Gracious Sovereign,
We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembleo, beg leave to offer our humble thanks to
Your Majesty for the gracious Speech which Your Majesty has addressed to both Houses of
Parliament:
We take tbU first opportunity of expressing to Your Majesty our deep concern at tlio sad
affliction with which Yonr Majesty lies been vuited in the death of His Royal Highness Prince
Henry Maurice of Battenberg:
We desire to sssure Your Majesty and Her Royal Highness Princess Henry of Battenberg
of our sincere participation in the general feeling of sorrow for the heavy bereavement which
Your Majesty and Your Majesty's family have sustained by the loss of a Prince who was
regarded with universal affection and esteem by Your Msjesty's subjects:"-(Mr. Qecrge
Goschen .· )-
And which Amendment was, at the end of the Question, to add the word's,-
" And we humbly represent to Your Majesty that the time has come when the cases of
all prisoners convicted under the Treason Felony Act who are, and have been for many
years, undergoing punishment for offences arising out of insurrectionary movements
connected with Ireland, may be advantageously reconsidered:"-{Mr. Harrington:)-
Question again proposed, " That those words be there added:"-Debate returned:-
Mr. Balfour rose in bis place, and claimed to move, " That the Question be now put:"-
Question put, ""That the Question be now put:" - The  House divided;   Ayes 270,
Noes 107.
Acland-Hood, Capt. Sir A. F.
Ambrose, WiIlUm (Middlesex)
Arnold, Alfred
Arnold-Forster, Hugh O.
5Arrol, Sir William
Ascroft, Robert
Ashmead-Bartlett, Sir EIlU
Atkinson, Rt. Hon. John
Bagot, Capt Josceline FitzRoy
lOBafley, James (Walworth)
. Baillie, James E. B. (Inverness)
Balcarres, Lord
Baldwin, Alfred
BaIfOUT1Rt. Hon. A. J.(Manch'r
15Balfour,Gerald WmUm(LeOdS)
Banbury, Frederick George
Banes, Major George Edward
Barnes, Frederic Gorell
Barry,FrancU TresefWindsor)
20Bartley, George C. T.
Bathurst, Hon. Allen Benjamin
Beach,RtHn.SirM.H.(Bristol)
AYES.
Beach, W: W. Bramston (Hants.
Bentinck, Lord Henry C.
25Bethell,' Commander
Bhownaggree, Mancherjce M.
Biddulph, Michael
Bigham, John Charles
Bigwood, James
8OBiO, Charles
Blundell, Colonel Henry
Bond, Edward '
Boscawen, Arthur Griffith-
BoulnoU, Edmund
85Bousfield, WiIlUm Robert
Bowles, Capt H. F. (Middlesex
Brassey, Albert
Brodrick, Hon. St John
Bueknill, Thomas Townsend
«OBurdett-Coutts, W.
Butcher, John George
Byrne, Edmund Widdrington
.  Campbell, James A.
Carlile, WiIlUm Walter
C
45Carson, Edward
Cavenduh, R. F. (N. Lanes.)
CavendUh, V.C. W. (Derbyshire
Cecil, Lord Hugh
Chaloner, Captain R. G. W.
50Chamberlain,Kt.Hon.J. (Birm,
Chamberlam, J. Austen( Worc'r
Chaplin, Rt Hon. Henry
Charrington, Spencer
Clare, Octavius Leigh
55Clarke, Sir Edward(PIymouth)
Cochrane, Hon. Thos. H. A. E.
Coddington, Sir William
Coghill, DougUs Harry
Cohen, Benjamin Louis
eOCollings, Rt Hon. Jesse
Colomo,Sir JohnCharles Ready
Colston, Chas. Edw. H. Athole
Combe, Charles Harvey
Compton, Lord Alwyne (Beds.
eSCook, Free. Lucas (Lambeth)
Cosens-Hardy, Herbert Hardy