2öth February, 1896.
39
9h. 10m.
B. M.
Nnmb. 14.
Business of the House (Supply),-Order read, for resuming Adjourned Debate on Question [20th
February],-
" (1) That so soon as the» Committee of Supply has been appointed and
Estimates have been presented, the Bminesj of  Supply shall (until it be
disposed of) be the first Older of the Day on Friday, unless the House other-
wise order on the Mct.on of* Minister of the Crown moved at the commence-
5 uicnt of Public Business to b"· decided without Amendment or Débale:
Not more than twenty days, being days when' the Speaker leaves the Chair
for the Committee of Supply without Question put, counting from (he first
day on which the Speaker so left .the Chair under Standing Order No. 56,
shall be allotted for the consideration of the Annual Estimates for the Army,
10 Navy, und Civil Services, inclini ing Votes on Account, the Business of Supply
standing first Order on every such day:
On the nineteenth of such allotted days, at 10 o'clock p.m., the Chairman
shall proceed to put forthwith every Question necessary to dispose*of the
ontstnnding Votes in Committee of Supply; and on the twentieth of such
15 allotted days the Speaker shall, at 10 o'clock ? m., proceed to put forthwith
every Question necessary to complete the outstanding Reports of Supply:
On the days appointed for concluding the Business of Supply, the con-
sideration of such business shall not bo anticipated by a Motion of Adjourn-
ment under Standing Order No. 17; nor may any dilatory Motion be moved
20 on such proceedings; nor sball they be interrupted under the provisions of
any Standing Order relating to the Sittings of the House :
Provided always, that tlio days occupied by the consideration of Estimates
supplementary to those of a previous Session, or of any Vote of Credit, shall
not be included in the computation of the twenty days. Provided also, That
25 two Morning Sittings shall be deemed equivalent to one Three o'clock Sitting;
and that,'except in the case of a dissolution of Parliament or other tmsrgency,
the said twenty days shall be allotted so that the Business of Supply be
concluded before the 5th of August."-(Mr. Balfour.) -
Question again proposed:-Debate resumed:-
Amendment proposed, in line 1, to leave out from the word ". That,"
to the words " the business," in line 2, in order to insett the words
"after Easter the House do meet on Fridays at Two o'clock, and that:"
-( Mr. Labouch ere :)-
Question put, " That the words proposed to be left out stand part oi the
Question·:"-The House divided; Ayes 191, Noes 84.
AYES.
Aciand-Hood, Capt. Sir A. F.
Aird, John
Arnold, Alfred
Arrol, Sir William
5Ascroft, Robert
Baden-Powell, Sir Geo. Smytli
Bailey, James (Walworth)
Baldwin, Alfred
Balfour, Rt. Hon. A. J. (Manch'r
l©Ba*few,GeraldWillUm(Leeds)
Barnee, Frederie Gereîl
Barry, Francis Tvess( Windsor)
BathnrstjHon. Allen Benjamin
Begg, Ferdinand Faithful
15Bemrcse, Hewry Howe
Bethell, Commander
Blundell, Colonel Henry
Bond, Edward
Boscavven, Arthur Griffith-
20Bousfield, William Robert
Bowles, T.Gibson (King's Lynn
Brossey, Albert
Bucknill, Thomas Townsend
Byrne, Edmund Widdrington
25 Campbell, James A.
Carlile, William Walter
Cawley, Frederick
Cecil, Lord Hugh
Chaloner, Captain R G. W.
30Chainherlain, Rt. Hon. J. (Birra.
Chamberlain, J. Austen(Worc'r
Chaplin, Rt Hon. /Henry
Cbarriogton, Spencer
Clare, Octavius Leigh
35 Clarke, Sir Edward (Plymouth)
Clough, Walter Owen
Cochrane, Hon. Thos. H. A. E.
Coghill, Douglas Harry
Cohen, Benjamin Louis
40Coffings,-Rt. Hon. Jesse
Colston, Chas. Edw. H. Athole
Compton, Lord Alwyne (Beds.
Cook, Fred. Lucas (Lambeth)
Cook«, CW. Radcliffe (Heréf 'd
45Corbett, A. Cameron (Glasgow