Numb· 38.
71
Mortis, '28' die Aprilis, leS4fp.
Railway Bills (Group II),-Mr. ^Henley reported frota, the Select Committee on Group II of Railway,
Bills, That the Committee met this day at one o'clock,, pursuant to the adjournment of yesterday»
and that William Smith O'Brien, esquire, one of the Members of the Committee, did not attend the
Committee this day within one hour of the time appointed for the meeting of thè Committee.
Order [27th April] for attendance of Mr. William Smith O'Brien on the Committee this- day,
read :-
And Mr. Smith O'Brien being in his place, and having been called upon.jiy Mr. Speaker, stated1
that he had no further explanation to offer to the House, and that he held to his determination as
expressed in his correspondence with the Chairman of the Committee of Selection, and then he
withdrew.
Motion made and Question proposed,--"' That William Smith O'Brien, esquin·,, having disobeyed
the Order of this House by refusing to attend the Committee to which the Railway Group No. 11
had been referred, has been 'guilty of a contempt of this House :-Amendment p'roposecL to leave
out from the word " eseguire " to the end of the Question, in order to add the words " and any other
Members of this House, who in the course of the present Session may^hink proper to signify to)
the Committee of Selection that they claim, on special grounds, tò be exempted from serving on.
Select Committees on Railway Bills, shaU be exempted aecordingly ; and that it be an Instruction
to the Committee Of Selection to report to the House the names of all such Members as may so
claim to be specially exempted, and the grounds assigned for such exe-mpfion -"-Question put,
" That the words proposed to be left out stand part of the Question -."--The House divided; Ay«»
139, Noes 15.
Acland, Sir Tho. Dyke (Devons.)
AgHonby, Henry A.
Aldam, William
Antrobus, Edmund
5Arbuthnott, Hon. Hugh
Armstrong, Sir Andrew
Arundel and Surrey, Earl of
Bailey, Joseph, Jun. (Hereford)
Baillie, Colonel (Honiton)
lOBaillie, H. J. (Inverness-sh.)
Baine, Walter
Baldwin, Barry
Bannerman, Alexander
Barclay, David (Sunderland)
lóBaring, Rt Hn. F. T. (Portsmo.)
Baring, Rt. Hn.W.B. (Thetford)
Barnard, Edward George     '
Beckett, WiUiam
Blackburne, J. Ireland
20Blake, Martin J. ¿Galway)
Borthwick, Peter
Bowles, Admiral
' Bowring, Dr.
Brooke, Lord (Warwick)
25Browne, Hon.W. (Kerry Co.)
Bruce, Lord Ernest (Marlb.)
Bruges, W. H. Ludlow
' Buckley, Edmund
BuUer, Charles (Liskeard)
30BuUer, Edward (Staffordshire)
AYES.
Cardwell, Edwartl
Carew,W"ta.Hen.Pole (Cornwall )
Carnegie, Hn. Captain
Christie, William Dougal
SaClerk, Rt Hon. Sif George
Colebrooke, Sir Thomas Edward
Collett, Wm. Rickford (Lincoln)
Compton, Henry Combe
Connolly," Colonel
40Corry, Rt. Hon. Henry
Cowper, Hn. W. F.
Craig, William Gibson
Gripps, William
Davies, David A. Saunders
. 45Denison, E. Beckett (Yorksh.)
Douglas, Sir Howard ' Liverpool )
Douglas, Sir ('has. E. (Warw.)
Duckworth, Sir John T. B.
Duncan, George
50Duncombe', Hon. A. (E. Retford)
Duncombe, Hn. O. (York, N.R.)
Dundas, David (lSutherlandsh.)
Easthope, Sir John
Eastnor, Viscount
55Escott, Bickham
Estcourt, T. G. Bucknall
Evans, William (Derbyshire)
Ewart, William
Feilden, William (Blackburn)
60Ferguson, 'Colonel (Kirkaldy)
2C
Fitzroy, Hon. Henry
Flower, till James-
Forman, Thomas Seaton
Forster, Matthew
65Gishorne, Thomas
Godson, Richard
Gore, Montague (Barnstaple)
Goulburn, Rt. Hon. Henry
Graham, Rt. Hon. Sir James
/OGranger, Thomas Colpitts
Greene, Thomas
Grey, Right Hon. Sij George
Grimsditch, Thomas
Hamilton, Wm. J. (Newport)
7 5 Hamilton, Lord Claud
Harcourt, George Granville
Hawes, Benjamin
Hay. Sir Andrew Leith
Henley, Joseph Warner
SOHerbert, Rt. Hon. Sidney
Hervey, Lord Alfred      '
Hodgson, Richard (Berwick) <
Hope, Sir John (Edinburghsh.)
Hope,Geo. Wm. (Southampton)
85 Hotham, Lord
Howard, Hn.C.W.G.(CumberI.)
Hudson, George
Hume, Joseph
Inglis, Sir Robert' Harry
pujones, Captain