HmBb. 50.                                                                   99
Veneris, 22e die Maii, 1846.
1l*unam Smith O'Brien, esquire,?-Order read, for taking into Consideration the subject matter*of the Letter
of WiUiam Smith O'Brien, esquire, to Mr. Speaker :-
Entry in Votes of the 2/th day of April last n»ad, as followeth :-
" Railway BiUs (Group 11 {,-Report, That the Committee met at One o'clo-ck this day, pursuant to
appointment, and that William Smith O'Brien, fsquiri·, one of the Members of the· said Cum·'
mittee, was not present, anil did not attend the Committet4 within one· hour of the time of
meeting of the Committee.
*» Ordered, That William Smith O'Brien, esquin·. do atti'nd tin· »aid Cniiimittee To-morrow."
Entry in Votes of the 2Hth tlay of April fast read, as followeth :- -
" Railway Bills (Group 11 ).-Mr. Ile-nley reported from the· Sflirt Coniniittte on Group 11 of Railway
Bills. That til«· Committet1 met this tlay nt one o'eloek. pursuant to thi-'adjuurnmeiit of yester-
day, and that William Smith O'Brien, esquire, out4 «if Hu- Members nftlu- (oiniuitli-f. did not
attfiul tlie Coiiimittef this da\ within mie hour of tin* time appointed for tin- mirtini: of the.
( 'nmniiitf'f4.
" OrdiT ? "27th April j for atteinlatii-e of Mr. William Smith ?'??????'?/? the Comiiiittff 'this
tla\. reael :-
?s
" ? nil Mr. Smith O'Brien beim; in his piafe, and having hieii falliti upon by Mr. Speaker,
statfd that he hail nt» further explanation to offer to the limisi-, and thai hi4 field to his ilfter-
inination as i-xprf.-se-tl in his correspondence with the Chairman of the-(Omiiiilffi· of Sclfction,
ami then Ik- withdrew.
" Motion inaile, and Question propuseel,-· That William Smith O Uriçn, e-i|iiire, having
disobeyed tin1 Order of this House .by refusine; to attend the Connuittee to which tin- Railway
(¡roup. No. II, lntl been rfferretl. has been guilty of a contempt of this House:' Amend-
ment proposed, to leave out from tin* word 'esquire' to tin· enti of tin· Question, in ord« ? to
add thf words - and any other Mfiiihfr.Sjof this IIihim». who in the course of the presc-ut
Sfssum may think proper to »ignify to the ( ommittfeof Seleetion that the·} claim, ou spçnal
grounds, to he- exempted from, serving on Seleet Committees on Railwa\ Bills. rJiall Ite
exempted accordili·1;'} : and that it he an Instruction to thf Coinmittft· of Scindimi to rfjiort
to the House*"the naiiifs of'all sufh Memhfrs as may so claim to lie speeiaHy «? xeinptfd, and
the· groiinils assigtu· d for such e\t·niption :'--Question put ' That tin· words proposed to be
left e»ut statuì part of the Question :'-The House diri did ; Ayes l.'Ji». N'oi-s I."» : -
" Main Question put:-Tin· House· divided; Ayi'S I .'!.'I, Nftes 1."J-.   -
"Motion made, and Question proposed, " That William Smith O Brit-n. estpiirt·. hiiring
bet-? guilty of ? contempt of this House, be-  for his said ofTcncf cnmiiiittfel to the custody of
the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, during the pleasure of the HtHiM1. and that ,Mr.
Speaker «lo  issue his warrant aexordingly :"-Debate arising ;   Dfhalt- adjourned till Thurs-
day."
Entry in Votes of the "JO'th day ejf April last n-tul, as foUpwfth : -
"Railway Bills (Group 11),-OnIfr n·ad, for resuming adjourned Debate em (!notion  ?-JHth VprilJ.
4 That William Smith O'Brien, esquire·, having he-e-n guilty tifa eontempt e>f this House·, be. for
his said ofFcne-e fommitred to the eustodv of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House,
during the4 pleasure- of the House, anil that Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant accordingly:'-
Qui'stion again proposed :-Debate- resumed: - Amendment proposed, te» leave· out from the
word 'esquire' to the end of the Question, in order to add the wortls » do attend in his place
forthwith,' instead thereof :-Question proposed, 'That the wortls proposed to he left out stand
part of the Question :' - Amendment, fiy leave·, irithdrawii .· - Question snrain prt)|>osed :-
Debate arising ; Motion made, and Q*iif stion proposed; * That the Debate lie now adjourned :*
-Motion, bv leave, withdrawn:-Main Question put, and agreed tu."
Motion made, and Question put, " That the Oreler maele upon the 27th «lay e»f April last, ' That
William Smith O'Brien, esquire, elo attend the saiel Committee To-morrow,' be; disfhargfil :"-The»
House divided; Ayes 30, Noes 180.
2 N