121
Thursday, 31«* May, 1866.
Numb. 47·
Bridgwater Writ,-Motion made, and Question proposed, " That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the
Clerk of the Crown to make out a New Writ,for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present
Parliament for the Borough of Bridgwater., in the room of Henry Westropp, esquire, whose
election has been determined to be void :"-(Colonel Taylor :)-Amendment proposed, to leave
out from the word " That" to the end of the Question,in order to add the words " an humble
Address be presented to Her Majesty, as fplloweth :
Most Gracious Sovereign*
We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the
Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, beg leaye
humbly to represent to Your Majesty, that a Select Committee of the House of Commons, appointed
to try Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bridgwater,
have reported to the House, that there is reason to believe that corrupt practices have.extensively
prevailed at the last Election for the Borough of Bridgwater :
We therefore humbly pray Your Majesty, that Your Majesty wUl be graciously pleased to cause
inquiry to be made, pursuant to the provisions of the Act of Parliament passed in the sixteenth
year of the reign of Your Majesty, intituled, ' An Act to provide for more effectual inquiry into
the existence of. Corrupt Practices at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament,' by the
appointment of Mr. George Chance, Mr. Henry Mather Jackson, and Mr. James Kardley Hill, as
Commissioners for the purpose of mnking inquiry into the existence of such corrupt practices':
That the said Address be communicated to The Lords, and their concurrence desired thereto :**
-(Sir Harrey t'erney :)-Question put, " That the words proposed to be left out stand part Qf
the Question :"-The House divided; Ayes 123, Noes 12.
AdderIey,Rt.Hn.CharIesBowyer
Amberley, Viscount
Archdall, Captain Mervyn
Bagge, William
5Bailey,SirJoseph Russell (Heref.
Baring, Hon.Tho.Geo. (Penryn)
Beach,W.W. Bramston( H'ntsN.
Benyon, Richard
Bingham, Lord
IOBridges, Sir Brooke William
Bruen, Henry
Buckley, Edmund
Burrell, Sir Percy
Campbell, Alex. Hen. (Launces.
15 Car dwell, Rt. Hon. Edward
Carnegie, Hon. Charles
Cartwright, Colonel
Cobbold, John Chevallier
Cole, Hon. Henry (Fermanagh)
2QC'ole,Hn. Jn.Lowry (EnniskUlen)
Courtenay, Lord
Cox, William Thomas
Cranborne, Viscount
Cubitt, George
25Dalkeith, Earl of
Dawson, Robert Peel (Lond. Co.
Dickson, Major Alexander Geo.
Disraeli, Rt. Hon. Benjamin
Dowdeswell, WiUiam Edward
30Dunne, General
AYES.
Dyott, Colonel Richard
Enrle, Ralph Anstruther
Eckersley, Nathaniel
Edwards, Colonel (Beverley)
35Fane, Col. John W. (Oxfordsh.
Fellowes, Edward
Fergusson, Sir James
FinlayvAlexander Struthers
Floyer, John.
40Forester, Rt. Hon. General
Galway, Viscount
Gaskell, James Milnes
GeorgeVJphn
Gore, Wm. Rd.Orrasby (Leitrim)
45Gorst, John Eldon
Greenall, Gilbert
Greene, Edward
Gray, Lieut-Colonel (Bolton)
Grey, Hon. Thomas de (Norf.W.
50 Hamilton, Lord Claud (Tyrone)
Hamilton, Ion Trant (Dublin Co.
Hardy, Gathorne (Oxford U.)
Hardy, John (Dartmouth)
Hartopp, Edward Bourchier
55Hervey,LordAug.H.C.(Suff.W.
Hay,SirJn.C.Dalrymple(Stamf.
Herbert, Hn. Percy E. (Salop, S.
Hope, Alex. J. B. Beresford
Hornby, William Henry
60Howes, Edward
2R
Humphery, William Henry
Hunt, George Ward
. Jones, David
Kekewich, Samuel Trebawke
65KeIk1 John
Kelly, Sir FitzRoy
Kendall, Nicholas
King, James King(Hcrefdrdsh.)
King, John Gilbert (King's Co.)
70Knight, Frederick Winn
Langten, W. Gore
Loscelles, Ho. Egremont Wm.
Leader. Nicholas Philpot
Lechmere, Sir Edm. A. Harley
/óLindsay, Hon. Col. Chas. (Abing.
Long, Richard Penruddocke
Lopes, Sir Massey
Lowther, James (York)
Mackinnon, Capt. L. B. (Rye)
SOM'Lagan, Peter
Malcolm, John Wingfield
Manners, RtHn.LordJ.(Leic.N.
Miller, Stearne Ball (Armagh)
Moncreiff, Rt. Hon. James
85Montgoraery, Sir Graham
Mowbray, Rt. Hn. John Robert
Naas, Lord
Neville-Grenville, Ralph
Noel, Hon. Gerard James
90Northcote,'Sir Stafford Henry