205
Thursday, 2nd August, 1866.
Numb. 78.
Habea? Corpus Suspension (Ireland) Act Continuance BUl,-Order for Second . Reading read ; Motion
made, and Question proposed, " That the BUl be now read a second time :"-Amendment proposed,
to leave out from the word " That " to the end of the Question, in- order to add the words " the
same state of things on which the late Government justified their application to Parliament to
suspend the Constitution in Ireland no longer exists : that the supremacy of the Law has been
sufficiently vindicated in the ordinary tribunals of the Country : that the Assizes just.brought to
a close have in all instances displayed a most extraordinary and gratifying diminution of crime,
and, in many instances, a complete absence of serious offences, either against property or person :
that there is likewise an utter absence of political excitement of any kind whatever : that measures
of repression, unaccompanied with measures of a remedial character, tend rather to aggravate than
lessen those evils in which perennial discontent and periodical- disaffection have their origin in
Ireland : and, that a wise, generous, and thoroughly liberal policy is that which is alone calculated to.
promote the material prosperity and contentment of the Irish people, while adding to the strength
and enhancing the moral dignity of the Empire,"-(Mr. Maguire,)-instead thereof-.-Question
put, " That the words proposed to be left out stand part of the Question :"-The House divided;
Ayes 105, Noes 31.
Adderley,Rt.Hn.ChariesBowyèr
Allen, William Shepherd
Archdall, Captain Mervyn
Baggallay, Richard
jBagge, William
Baring, Thomas (Huntingdon) '
Beecroft, George Skirrow
Bentinck, George Cavendish
Beresford, Capt. Denis W. Pack-
lOBooth, Sir Robert Gore
Bovili, Sir William
Burghley, Lord
Cairns, Sir Hugh M'Calmont
Cave.Rt.Hn.Steph. (NewShore.
lSChilders, Hugh Culling Eardley.
Cole, Hon; Henry (Fermanagh)
CoIe1Hn. Jn.Lowry(Enniskillen)
Cony, Rt Hon. Henry Lowry
Courtenay, Lord- .
2OC0X, William Thomas
Cranborne, Viscount
Cust, Hon. Charles Henry
Dickson, Major Alexander Geo.
Dimsdale, Robert
25Disraeli, Rt. Hon. Benjamin
Dodson, John George
Earle, Ralph Anstruther
Egerton, Edw. C. (Macclesfield)
Feilden, Joseph
30 Fortescue, Rt. Hon. C. P. (Louth
Galway, Viscount
George, John
.   Gladstone, Rt.Hn.W.E.(Lanc.S.
Goldney, Gabriel
35Grire,Jn.RalphOrmsby(Salop,N.
ayes:
§
Gore, Wm. Rd.Ormsby ( Leitrim)
Grey.Rt.Hon .Sir Geo.(Morpeth)
Griffith, Christopher Darby
Gurney, Russell (Southampton)
40Hamilton, Lord Claud (Tyrone)
Hamilton, Lord CJ: (Lbn'derry)
Hardy, Rt Hn.Gathorne (Oxf.U.
Hardy,- John (Dartmouth)
Hervey, Lord Aug. H.C.(Suff.W.
45Hay,SirJn.C.DalrympIe(Stamf.
Hayter, Captain Arthur Divett
Henley, Rt I In. J. W. (Oxfordsh.
Henley, Lord (Northampton)
Heygate, Sir Frederick WilUam
50Hogg, Lt.-Col. J. Macnaghten
Holford, Robert Stayner
Hope, Alex. J. B. Beresford
Hotham, Lord
Howes, Edward '
55Hubbard, John Gellibrand
. Hunt, George Ward
Kennard, Robert William
-Ker, David Stewart
Kinnaird, Hn. Arthur Fitzgerald
60Knox, Hn.Maj.Stuárt(Dungan.)
?    Lefroy, Anthony
Lopes, Sir Massey
Lowther, James (York) '
M'Lagan, Peter
65Manners,Rt.Hn.LordJ.(Leic.N.
Meiler, Captain
Monk, Charles James
Montgomery, Sir Graham
More, Robert Jasper (Salop, S.)
70Mowbray, Rt. Hn. John Robert
Naas, Lord
Northcote.Rt.Hn.SirStaffordH.
O'Neill, Edward
Pakington, Rt Hon. Sir John'
7,5Palmer, Sir Roundell
Patten, Colonel Wilson
PeeLRt. Hn.Gen. (Huntingdon)
Pennant, Hon. Colonel
* Pim, Jonathan
80PowelI, Francis Sharp
Read, Clare Sewell
Repton, George WilUam John '
Robertson, Patrick'F. (Hastings
RoIt, John
85Royston, Viscount
Scholefield, WiUiam
. Scourfield, John Henry
Seymour, George H. (Antrim Co.
Simeon, Sir John
OOSmith, Abel (Hertford.Co.)
Stanley, Lord (King's Lynn)
Stirling-Maxwell, Sir William
Sturt, Henry Gerard (Dorset) .
Sturt, Lt.-Col. Nàpier (Dorchest
95Torrens, Robert ·? Carrickfergus)
Tracy, Hn.Chas. R. D. Hanbury
Tyrone, Earl of
Viiliers, Rt. Hon. C. Pelham
'   Walcott, Admiral
100 Walpole.Rt. H n.Spencer Horatio
Walrond, John Walrond
Walsh, JòhnEdw. (Dublin Univ.
Whitmore, Henry  ?
Wynn, SirWatkin W." (Denb'sh.
105Yorke, John Reginald·
Tellers for the Ayes, Colonel Taylor and Mr. Noel.
3 T