Ill
Veneris, 25* die Aprilis, 1H56.
xfumb. 64.
PoUce (Counties and Boroughs) Bill,-considered in Committee :-
(In the Committee.)
Clause One (Where a Constabulary is not already established for the whole of a county, quarter
sessions to cause the same to be established) :-Amendment proposed, page 2, line 8, to leave out
from the words " such county," to the end of the Clause, in order to' add the words " under any
existing Act or Acts of Parliament, the justices of such county, at the general or quarter sessions
holden next after the passing of this Act,'or at any adjournment thereof, shall appoint a sufficient
number of fit men, who shall be sworn in before some justice of the peace having jurisdiction within,
the county to act as Constables for preserving the peace, and preventing robberies and other
felonies, and apprehending offenders against the peace ; and the men so sworn, and also all Con-
stables appointed, or to be hereafter appointed, under the provisions of the Act of the fifth and
sixth years of the reigr of his late Majesty King William the Fourth, to provide for the .regulation
of Municipal Corporations in Enidand and Wales, or under the provisions of any other Act autho-
rising the appointment'of Constables in any county or town or district, shall, not only within such
county, but also within every county and borough in England and Wales, have all such powers
and privileges, and be liable to all such duties and responsibilities, as any Constable duly
appointed now has or hereafter may have within his constablewick by virtue of the common law
of this realm, or of any statute made or to be made, and shall obey all such lawful commands as
they may from time to time receive from any of the justices of the peace having jurisdiction
within any county, or borough, or town, or district in which they shall act as Constables, for con-
ducting themselves in the execution of their office : Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the
justices of the peace for any county in general or quarter sessions assembled, if they shall be of
opinion that a distinction ought to be made in the number of Constables appointed to keep the peace;
in different parts of the county, to divide the same into districts, as shall appear to them most
convenient, and to declare the number of Constables which ought to be appointed for each district,
and from time to time to alter the extent of each such district, and the number of Constables to be
appointed for the same ; and the expenses of the Police for each such county or district shall be
defrayed by each such county or district in the manner provided by the Act passed in the third
and fourth years of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-eight, for defraying the expense of the
Police for/counties, or separate Police districts of counties, established under the Act therein
recited, passed in the second and third years of Her said Majesty, chapter ninety-three ; and so
much of the said recited Acts, or any of them, as confers the appointment of Police Constables on
the Chief or Superintendent Constable, shall be, and the same is hereby, repealed :"-(Mr. Henley:)
-Question put, " That the words ' under the said Acts of the. second and third and third and fourth
years of Her Majesty ' stand part of the Clause :"-- The Committee divided ; Ayes 268, Noes 94.
AYES.
Acland, Sir Thomas Dyke
Acton, Joseph
Adderley, Charles Bowyer
Agnew, Sir Andrew
öAlcock, Thomas
Anderson, Sir James
Antrobus, Edmund
Atherton, William
Baines, Rt. Hn. Matthew Talbot
iOBall, John (Corlow)
Barrington, Viscount
Bass, Michael Thomas
Baxter, William Edward
Beamish, Francis Bernard
15 Beaumont, Wentworth Blackett
Beckett, WiUiam
Bennet, Philip
Bentinck,G.W.Pierrepont (Norf.
Berkeley, Grenville CL. (Chelt.)
20Bethell, Sir Richard
Bignold, Sir Samuel
Black, Adam
Blakemore, Thos. Wm. Booker
Bland, Loftus H-
25Blandford, Marquis of
Bonham-Carter, John
Booth, Sir Robert Gore
Bouverie, Rt. Hn. Edw. Pleydell
Brady, John
30Bramston, Thomas William
2 M
Brand, Hon. Henry
Brotherton, Joseph
Bruce, Hen. Austin (MerthyrT.)
Buckley, General
3oBurrough.es <http://3oBurrough.es>, HenryN.(Norf. IÏ.)
Burrowes,Robert (Cavan)
CardweU, Rt. Hon. Edward
Castlerosse, Viscount
Cavendish, Hn. Chas. C. (Bucks)
40Cavendish, Hn. Geo. (Derbysh.)
Chambers,Montagu(Greenwii;h;
Chambers, Thomas (Hertford)
Chaplin, William James
Cheetham, John
45Chelsea, Viscount