377-

%*
'y.r,
Luna, 23° die J\???? 1856.                        ""·
Numb. 140.
National Education (Ireland),-Motion made, and Question proposed, " That this House has observe^
with satisfaction thé progress made in .the instruction of thé poorer classes of Her Majesty's Irish
Subjects, under the direction of the Commissioners of National Education ; and is of opinion that,
in the administration of that system, or in any modification of its rules, there should be maintained
a strict and undeviating adherence to its fundamental principles, securing, parental authority and
the rights of conscience to pupils of all denominations, by excluding nil compulsory religious
teaching, this House being convinced that no plan for the Éducation of the Irish Poor, however
wisely and unexceptionably contrived in other respect», can be carried into effectual operation,
unless it be explicitly avowed and clearly understood, as its leading principle, that no attempt
shall be made to influence or disturb the peculiar religious tenets of any sect or denomination of
Christians:"-(Mr. Fortescue:)-Amendment proposed, at the end of the-Question, to add the
words "but that, consistently with these principles, it is the opinion of this'House that no School
should be disentitled to receive aid from¡jfhe; funds of. the Board because the rulesof such School
require a portion of Scripture to be read each day by every child as a part of the general instruction
of the School:"-fMr. Grogan :) -Question proposed, "That those words be there added:"-
Debate arising ; Motion made, and Question put, " That the Debate be now adjourned -."-The
House divided; Ayes 50, Noes 331.
Alexander, John
Archdall, Captain Mervyn
Bennet, Philip
Blackburn, Peter
5Bramley-Moorfe, John -
BuUer, Sir John Yarde
Burghley, Lord
Butt, Isaac (Youghal)
CabbeU, Benjamin Bond
lOCampbell. Sir Archibald Islav
ChUd, Smith
Clinton.LordC.Pelham (Sandw.)
Cole, Hon. Henry Arthur
Davison, Richard
15Duckworth, Sir John T. B.
Farnham, Edward Basil
FeUowes, Edward
AYES.
Galway, .Viscount
"Grogan, Edward
20Guinness, Richard Samuel
Gwyn, Howel
Hamilton, Lord Claud (Tyrone)
Hamilton,Geo.A.(DublinUniv.)
Handcock, Hon. Captain Henri'
.¿sHardy, Gathorne
Hayes, Sir Edmund
Hume, W. FitzwiUiam
Jones, David (Carmarthen Co.)
Kendall, Nicholas
30King, James King (Herefordsh.)
Lockhart, WiUiam (Lanarksh.)
.Lowther, Hon. Col. (Westm'd)
Macartney, George
March, Earl of
35Michell, WilUam (Bodmin)
Naas, Lord
Napier,Rt.Hn.Joseph(DublinU.
Neeld, John
Newdegate, Charles Newdigate
40Pakenham', Thomas Henry
Shirley, Evelyn Philip
Sibthorp, Major
Spooner, Richard
Trollope, Rt- Hon. Sir John
45Vance, John
Walcott, Admiral
WiUiams, Thos. Peers (Marlow)
Wyndham, Gen. (Cockermouth)
Wynne, Rt. Hon. John (Sugo)
öOYorke, Hon. EUot Thomas
TeUers for the Ayes, Viscount Bernard and Mr. George.
Acton, Joseph
Adair, Colonel (Cambridge)
Adderley, Charles Bowyer
Agnew, Sir Andrew
5Alcock, Thomas
Anderson, Sir James
Annesley, Earl of
Ahtrobus, Edmund
Atherton, William
lOBaines, Rt. Hn. Matthew Talbot
NOES.
Baird, James
Baldock, Edward Holmes
BaU, John (Carlow)
Baring, Henry B. (Marlboro*)
15Baring, RtHn. Sir F.T. (Portsm.)
Barnes, Thomas
Bass, Michael Thomas
Baxter, WiUiam Edward
Beamish,- Francis Bemud
20Beaumont, Wentworthelackett
40
Bell, James
Berkeley, Hn. Henry F. (Bristol)
Berkeley, Francis W. F. (Chelt)
BetheU, Sir Richard
25Biddulph, Robert Myddelton
Biggs, John (Leicester)
Biggs, WUliam (Newport)
Bland, Loftus H.
Boldero, Colonel
30Bond, Joshua Walter M'Geough