Veneris, QV die Aprilis. 1836.
Carlow County Election,-Order read, for resuming the adjourned Debate -upon the Amend-
ment proposed to be made to.tne Motion [tust Apnij,-" mat it appears, in the evidence
reported bysthe Committee appointed te inquire intonile circumstances under which Alex-
ander Raphael, esquire, was returned a Alember for the County of Carlow at 'the Elec-
tion in June last, that- -an agreement ii> writing w"as concluded between Daniel O'Connell,
esquire, a Alember of this House, and the said Alexander Raphael, as follows:
AIy dear Sir,                                                                Clarges Street, 1st June 1835.
You having acceded to the terms proposed to you for the Election of die County of
Carlow, viz. you are to pay before nomination ¿g.lOOQ, say one thousand pounds, and a like
sum after being returned ; the.first to be paid absoluteiy and entirely, for being nominated ;
the second to be paid only in the event of'your having been returned :-I hereby undertake
to guarantee and save'you harmless frdin. any and every other expense whatsoever", whether of
agents, carriages, counsel, petition against t-hc return, or of any other description ; and I.
make this guarantee in the. fullest sense of the honourable engagement that you should not
possibly be required to pay one shilling more in any event or upon any contingency
whatsoever.
I am, my dear Sir,
Your very faithful
Alexander Raphael, esquire.                                                          Daniel 0'Connsi.i. :'.'-
(Mr.Hardy:)-And which Amendment was, to leave out from .the.word "appears" t,o-
the end of the Question, in qrder to add-the words ".to this House, That AIr. O'Connell
addressed a Letter, bearing* date the 1st of June ÌS.')5, to AIr. Raphael, in which an -agree-
ment for Mr. Raphael's Return for the County, of'Carlow, for two thousand pounds, was
concluded," instead thereof:"- (Lard John Russell:)-Question again stated, "That the
words proposed to be left ont stami part óf the Question :"-?? Debate resunled:-Question
put :-The House divided ; Ayes Ui1J, Noes '¿ili.
Agnew,,Sir Andrew
Alfonl, Lord Viscount
Alsager, Captain
Arbiiihnott, Hon. Hugh
'Archdall, Mervyn
Ashley, Lord
Ashley, Hon. Henry
Bagot, Hon     ¡lliam
Baillie, ?????? Duncan
0Baring, H. Bingham (AIarlbro')
Baring, W. ¡Bingham»(Wi.ich»)
Bafncby, Jtiliii
Beckett, RtI. Hon. Sir John
Bell, Matthew
jlientinck, Lord George
Bcreslortl, Sir John
Blackburne, Ireland (Warring )
Blackstonc, William Seymour
I'oldcro, Henrv George
OBolBng,- William
Bonliam, Robert Francis
Bort|iwick, Peter
Bratlshaw, James
Brainstem, Thomas William
fa Brownrigg, Stiidliolme
Bruce, Lord'Emiest
Br-;e,C. L.jCumming (Invera.)
Bruen, Colorici (Carlow Co.)
Bruen, F. (Cárlow Borough)
OCalcrafr, John Hales.
Casilereiigh, Lonl Viscount
ChaiidosftVlarquis of
Charlton, Edmund Lech mere
AYES:
Chichester, Arthur (Honitoii)
ifSCfive, Lonl Viscmnit
Codrington, Christopher W-.
Ctdc, Luti Viscount
Compton, Henry Combe
Conolly, Kdward Michael
¿OCobte. Sir Charles
("orry, Rt. Hon. Henry
Darlington, Karl of
Dick, Quintini-
Du Ilici-I, Thomas
45Diigtlale, William Stratford
East, James Buller
Eastnor, Lord Viscount
Eaton, Richard Jefferson
Egerton, Willia/n Tat ton
50Kgertt)ii,Sir Philip
Egt-rtonj .Lord Francis
Elley, Sir John
Elwes, John Payne
Entwislc, John*
55i^tcoiirt, T. (Oxford Univ.)
Estcourt',' T. ( Devizes)
Fe.fldcn, William
Ferguson, George (Banffshire)
Fleming, -John
GoFolcv, EtIward Thomas
Follé«, Sir William
Forbes, William
Forester, Hon. George
FremantkySir Thomas
65Fresliftc1d. Janies William
Gladstone, Thomas (Leicester)
ii L
Gladstone1, W. Ewart (Newark )
(¡Ivniie, Sir Stephen
Gootlricke, Sir Francis
70Gtirtlon, Hon.W. (Aberdeen«.)
(¡óiilbtirn, Rt. Hon. Henry
Goiilhurn, AIr. Serjeant
Graham, Rt. .Hon. Sir James
(ircene,. Thomas
75Gruislcy, Sir Roger
Haie, RohcVt Blagden
Hal.fortl, I Ienry
Halse, Janies
Ha'mitfoii, Lord Cl.iudc
KUHardiugt». Rt. Hon. Sir. Henry
IIawives, Thomas
Hay, SirJohn (Peebles shire )
IIeuiiiker', Loid
Hill, Lord Arthur
SoIIiII, Sir Rowland
I lope. James fLhilit' gowrhirei
litmldsworth, Thor ,as
Hughes, William Huches
Jackson, Mr. Seijeant
Oüjemfiy ?,' Lord
I ?» lis,» Sir Robert I IarVy
Jtnics« Wilson (Denbigh)
Jones, Theobald (Derry Co.)
Irton, Samuel
95Kcrrisou', Sir Edward
Knightley, Sir Charles
Law, Hon. diaries Ewan
Lawson, Andrew
Lees/John Frederick