8tk February, 1866.
" ? To assure Her Itojesty thai; we will give our careful consideration- to the JBfll on-this subject,:
whichtatobesubn^tted'tons:.,"                                              ?'?';';.?-'-.;     .-'.',..^-'?./'·.; x/'V;:. ,;·'
To thank Her Majesty -(or directing ,Papers on these occurrences, and on the present amie of
few Zealand, to be laid before usV                               oVv'« ;.· ??'?·.· ?: ?.?        ." ?:,    ' '??>'*>?.. .:
To convey our Thanks tó H
return tb this Country, of. the greater portion of Her Majesty's Regular Forces employed in the
Colony of New Zealand : ,     ";??',.?   \ . . V''':''';'                                                                         ?-:··" ''?
.   'To assure-Her MaJ^
progress in British Nortii America with a view to á closer union among the Provinces, an object ??'?·
to which.'Her Majesty coUÖnues to attach great importance :                           '  r
'Humbly to- assure Her Majesty that we have observed with great concern the extensive
.'.- prevalence, during the last few munthe, of a virulent Distemper among Cattle in Great Britain ; .
and that it is with deep'regret, and witii sincere sympathy for the sufferers, that we have learnt the
severe losses which it has caused in many counties and-districts : whileit is satisfactory to know
that Ireland and a considerable part of Scotland are as yet free from this calamity, which gives us
reason to trust, with Her Majesty, that by the precautions suggested by experience, and by the
' Divine'blessing on the means which are now being employed; its further extension may be
arrested:                             '.'?'?'??'.".? .'.   '?'-            v.-'? ?
·.-.?.' To thank Htr Majesty for directing the Orders which have been made by the Lords of Her
Majesty's Privy Council by virtue of the powers vested in them by Law, with a view to prevent
the spreading of this disease, to be laid before Us; and to assure' Her Majesty that our best
attention shall be given to the expediency of an Amendment of the Law relating to à subject so
deeply tuTeçting*the interests of the People :              ,                                 -; ?;-.;?"?"
Humbly to thank Heir Majesty for having directed that the Estimates of the ensuing year shall
be laid before us, and for having caused them to be prepared with a due regard to economy, and
to the maintenance of efficiepcy in the Public Service :
To thank Her Majesty for informing us that the condition of Trade is satisfactory :
Humbly to. express our thanks to Her Majesty for informing Us that a Conspiracy, adverse alike
to Authority, Property, and Religion, and disapproved and condemned alike by all who are
interested in their maintenance, without distinction· of creed or clase, has unhappily appeared in"
Ireland, and that the Constitutional Power of the ordinary Tribunals has been exerted for its
repression,and the authority of the Lawfirmly and impartially vindicated :
Humbly to assure Her Majesty that our serious consideration shall be given to the Bill to be
submitted to us, founded on the Report of the Royal Commission on the subject of Capital
Punishment; to the Bills for amending and consolidating the Laws relating to Bankruptcy, and
''for'other improvements in the Law; to the measures for extending the system of Public Audit to
branches of Receipt and Expenditure, wnich it has not hitherto, reached, and for amending the
, provisions of the Law with respect to certain classes of Legal Pensions ; and to the subject of the
Oaths taken by Members of Parliament :                                       ;
To thank Her Majesty* for. directing that information should be procured in reference to the
Rights of Voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Counties,. Cities, and
Boroughs, and to assure Her Majesty that, when that information is cornplete, our earnest attention
will be given to thé result thus obtained : "
Humbly to assure Her .Majesty that, with Her, we fervently pray that the blessing of Almighty
God may guide our counsels, to the promotion of the happiness of Her Majesty's People:''-
Question again proposed:-Debate resumed:-Amendment proposed, in paragraph 22, to leave
out from the word "our " to the end of the paragraph, in order to add the words " deep regret to
Her .Majesty that wide-spread disaffection exists in «Ireland, and humbly to represent to Her
Majesty that this wide-spread disaffection is the result of grave causes, which it is the duty of Her
Majesty's Ministers to examine into and remove:" -/TAe 0'Donog7iue:J '--Question proposed,
" That the words proposed to be left out/ stand part of the paragraph :"-Amendment, by leave,
withdrawn.                                                           ? v '..':.·
Amendment proposed, to add, at the end of the same paragraph, the words " Humbly to express
our deep regret to Her Mejesty that wide-spread disaffection exists in Ireland, and humbly to
represent to Her Majesty that this wide-spread disaffection is the result of grave causes, which it
is the duty of Her Majesty's Ministers to examine into and remove :" - (Thè O'Dotwghw .·) -'
Question put, "That those words be there added:''--The HbuseoVoMfcif Ayes 2», Noes 346.