*
TkwrsdajkSthFebruary, W&
I   :/?"                                                    -,   .-."?? ? '    ?-    ?;?.'?'.?-'                                             ?».-,...                                       ·.-·;.    * ·. "    .'*'? ;?· ?    ?      ' v- :.. .
[eenVSpeech,*-Order read,'for resuming Adjourned Debate on ¿Uiéètion (Óth Februsry],,/'That an
' . hütnbfe Address"W presentedto Her Majesty,· to convey the thanks of this Houae for Her
MajestyVMostCi^eur^                                                                                               "
."> Humbly to thankHer Majesty for infonping us that She bis recen^ declared Her consent to
¿Marriage between Her. Majesty's Daughter'".the Princess Helena and«.Prince Christian of
'..' SrthleewlgiHoietelfl eonderbourg^Augustenburg, and to asàure Her Majesty that with Her ve'*
;   ti^tth^ this union may be nrosperous and happy:       '        .
Humbly to assure Her Majesty that, we participate in the profound grief feltby Her Majesty si
the death of Her Majesty's beloved Uncle» the King of-the Belgians; but that we feel confident
> that the wisdom which he evinced during his Beign wul animate Ids Successor,and preserve for
Belgium'her Independence and Prosperity :                                                    ·.   %               ?
.   Humbly to express our gratification at learning that Her Majesty's relations with Foreign
Powers are friendly and'satisfactory, and that Her Majesty sees no cause to Tear any disturbance
.of the General Peace:
To assure'Her Majesty that we trust that the meeting of the Fleets of France and England in
the Ports of the respective Countries has tended to cement the amity of the two Nations, and to
prove to the World their friendly concert in the promotion of Peace :
Humbly to assure Her Majesty that we learn with satisfaction; that the United States,'after/
terminating, successfully the severe struggle in which they were so long engaged, are wisely
repairing the ravages of Civil War; and that, with Her Majesty, we regard the abolition of
Slavery as ah event calling forth the cordial sympathies and congratulations of this Country/which
has always'been foremost in showing its abhorrence of an institution repugnant to every feeling of
justice and humanity :              .                                                  '.??-?'"?..'-
Humbly to thank Her Majesty for informing us that the exertions and perseverance of Her:
Majesty's Naval Squadron have reduced the Slave "Çrade on the West Coast Of Africa within very
narrojj limits :                                                                  ...' .
To thank Her Majesty for directing Copies to be laid before us of the Correspondence which
has taken place between Her Majesty's Government and that of the United States, with respect to
injuries inflicted on American Commerce by Cruisers under the Confederate Flag ¿
To express our thanks to Her Majesty for informing us that Diplomatic Relations with Brazil
have'been renewed, and that the good offices of Her Majesty's Ally the King of Portugal hare
contributed essentialIy.to that happy result :                     .;.' ..," ,/?;?
To assure Her Majesty that, with Her Majesty, we regret the interruption of Peace between
Spain and Chili» and that we earnestly trust, that through the good "offices of Her Majesty's
Government, in conjunction with those of the Emperor of the French, the causes of disagreement
may be removed in a manner honourable and satisfactory to both Countries:^
To thank tier Majesty for informing us that the Negotiations, which have long been pending in
Japan, have been brought to a cbholusion in such a manner as to receive Her Majesty's entire
approbation ; 4that the existing 'Treaties have been ratified by the Mikado ; and. that stipulations
have.been macie fur the revision of. the Tariff tn.a manner favourable to Commerce, and for the
punctual discharge of the Indemnity due under thè terms of ine Convention of October 1864 : ?»'"??
Humbly to express our thanks to Her Majesty for informing us that Her Majesty has concluded
a Treaty of Commerce wide the Empecor of Austria, which Her Majesty trusts will open to that'
Empire the blessings of extended Commerce, and be productive/of important benefits to both
Countries:? ?                        ?' '/'·?.'             .-."     .'«»    ....       ? ?·'??.           :':V. '                  ' .?'. ''?'; '
Humbly to thank if er Majesty for informmg.tis that in consequence of the deplorable events
which'..hâve occurred in the islaud *>f Jamaica, Her Majesty has been induced to provide at once
for an impSrtial inquiry, by appointiag a distinguished Military Officer as Governor and, Com-
mander of. the Forces ; that Her Majesty has .given him the assistance of two able and learnefl
Commjisioners, who will aid hhn in examining into the origin, nature, arid circumstances of the
recent Ou break, and the measures adopted in thè course of its suppression ; ,and that the Lega-
ture of Jamaica has proposed that the present Political Constitution of the Island'should be
replaced by a new form of Government :